=head1 NAME

Para::Frame::Manual::Overview - Overview and Introduction

=head1 DESCRIPTION

=head3 Design philosophy

=head3 Execution path

1. Apache gets the request from a browser client

1.1. Apache looks in the translated path, finds a .htaccess directing
the request to Para::Frame::Client

1.2. Para::Frame::Client looks for the C<port> configuration. Packs the
request data and sends it to the socket at the port.

2. Para::Frame catches the request in C<main_loop()>, retrieve the data
in C<get_value()> and calls C<handle_request()>

2.1. C<Para::Frame::Reload-E<gt>check_for_updates()> and reloads any updated
code found.

2.2. A new C<Para::Frame::Request> object is created from the request
data.

2.3. The user class is used for C<identify_user> and
C<authenticate_user>.

2.4. If this was a redirection and the page already has been
generated, sends teh page and stops here.

2.5. C<$req-E<gt>setup_jobs> determine the actions requested

2.6 Initiates the response property of the req by calling
L<Para::Frame::Request/reset_response> that will set the response page
to the L<Para::Frame::Request/original_url_string> that was given by
the L<Para::Frame::Client>

2.7 This URL is given by L<Para::Frame::Request::Response/new> to
L<Para::Frame::File/new> and is then normalized by
L<Para::Frame::File/normalize>

3. C<$req-E<gt>after_jobs> looks for things to do for the request

3.1 Take a planned action unless an error has been encountered. If
there are more actions planned, go back to point 3.

3.2 If an error occured, plan to redisplay the previous page

3.3 If the C<$reqE<gt>response> is a redirection, send_redirection

3.4 Do C<$resp-E<gt>render_output>

3.4.1 L<Para::Frame::Request::Response/render_output> looks up the
L<Para::Frame::Request::Response/renderer> and calls it's
C<render_output>. See L<Para::Frame::Request::Response/set_renderer>

3.4.2 The default renderer is L<Para::Frame::Renderer::TT>. That
renderer will lookup the template for the given page by calling
L<Para::Frame::File/template>. This will use a template finder that
can be given by dirconfig find but will defaults to
L<Para::Frame::Template/find>.

3.5 If the C<$reqE<gt>response> is a redirection, send_redirection

3.6 Do C<$resp-E<gt>senderE<gt>send_output>

4. Finishing up and closing the connection

=head3 Implementation layers

=head3 Module layout

=head3 Configuration

=head3 Reserved names

=head3 Object heiarcy

  User --> Session --> Request

The left object has a longer life than the right.  Each pair in the
heiarchy has a one to many relationships.

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Para::Frame>

=cut
