=head1 NAME

Para::Frame::Template::Components - Template creation and modification

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The respective object is defined in their source pods.

=head1 Page generation

See L<Para::Frame::Template::Overview>

=head1 Exported objects

This is some of the exported objects.

=head2 Form widgets

=over

=item L<slider|Para::Frame::Widget/slider>

Draws a series of radiobuttons representing a range of numerical
values.

=item L<input|Para::Frame::Widget/input>

Draws a input field widget.

=item L<radio|Para::Frame::Template::Components/radio>

Draws a radiobutton.

=item L<checkbox|Para::Frame::Template::Components/checkbox>

Draws a checkbox.

=item  L<textarea|Para::Frame::Widget/textarea>

Draws a textarea.

=item L<select|Para::Frame::Template::Components/select>

Draws a dropdown menu from a list of records (from a DB).

=back


=head2 Data manipulation

=over

=item L<hidden|Para::Frame::Widget/hidden>

Inserts a hidden form field.

=item L<preserve_data|Para::Frame::Widget/preserve_data>

Preserves most query params EXCEPT those mentioned

=item L<plan_backtrack|Para::Frame::Route/plan_backtrack>

Pops the URL from the top of the route stack and returns it.

=item L<rowlist|Para::Frame::Widget/rowlist>

Returns a list of values.  One entry for each nonempty row in the
text.

=item L<list2block|Para::Frame::Widget/list2block>

This is the inverse of rowlist.  Returns a textblock created from a
list of values.

=back

=head2 Navigation widgets

=over

=item L<submit|Para::Frame::Template::Components/submit>

Draw a form submit button.

=item L<go|Para::Frame::Widget/go>

Draw a form submit button with custom next_handler and next_action.

=item L<jump|Para::Frame::Widget/jump>

Draw a link.

=item L<forward|Para::Frame::Widget/forward>

Draw a link, keeping all curent params.

=item L<plan_next|Para::Frame::Route/plan_next>

Insert a new step in the route.

=item L<alfanum_bar|Para::Frame::Widget/alfanum_bar>

Draws a alfanumerical link bar.

=back

=head2 Other widgets

=over

=item L<hr|Para::Frame::Template::Components/hr>

Creates a small hr.

=back


=head2 Modules exporting objects

Just some of them...

=over

=item L<Para::Frame::Request/set_ritframe_params>

=item L<Para::Frame::DBIx/"Exported objects">

=item L<Para::Frame::Widget>

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Para::Frame>, L<Para::Frame::Template::Overview>

=cut
