=head1 NAME

Para::Frame::Template::Meta - Common TT html header

=head1 META parameters

=head2 title

Sets HTML title and a H1 with the value.


=head2 otitle

Only sets HTML title with the value.


=head2 level

Access level for viewing the page.

The user level is set by L<Para::Frame::User>.

Example:  [% META title="Hello" level=4 %]

Default value: 0


=head2 focus

Sets focus on form field with specified name.

=head2 onsubmit

Sets the onsubmit param of the form tag. Javascript stuff.

=head2 form_method

The method of the form. Default is POST.

=head2 form_enctype

The enctype of the form. Uses multipart/form-data if form_method is
POST, in oprder to make file uploads possible. If GET, it will use the
standard enctype.

=head2 form_extra

A string to put in the form tag.

=head2 next_template

Set default next page to view after form submit.

The value can be any sort of URL.  Used to set form.f.action.

Default template determined by L<Para::Frame::Route/plan_backtrack>
in case of form submit with next_template being false.

Paths beginning with a '/' will be apennded to the site home.

As a special case, the string 'me' will expand to the current page.

=head2 next_template_target

Sets the target of the next template. It's the name of the browser window.

=head2 default_template

Set default next page to view after form submit.

The value can be any sort of URL.  Used to set form.f.action.

This will be used if both L</next_template> and
L<Para::Frame::Route/plan_backtrack> returns undef.

Paths beginning with a '/' will be apennded to the site home.

As a special case, the string 'me' will expand to the current page.

=head2 next_action

Set default action to be taken after form submit, before viewing the
next page.

Stored in form field 'run'.

Multiple actions can be taken by concatenating them with '&', or by
having multiple run fields. An action can also append more actions to
be taken.

The name of the action should be in all lower case. Paraframe will
look for a Perl module with the samne name in the application appbase
or any of the appfmly or in paraframe. If appbase is Rit::HG and teh
action is named lookup it will first try with Rit::HG::Action::lookup
and then Para::Frame::Action::lookup.

It will then call the handler() function with the $req as param.

The first action that fails (with an exception) will cauese the later
actions to not be run.


=head2 css

The cascading stylesheet to use for this page. The header metadata is
generated using L<Para::Frame::Widget/css_header>.

Example: [% META css="/my_style.css" %]


=head2 favicon

The favicon to use for this page. Can also be given as a tt param in
site config or globaly.


=head2 description

The description of the page (for search engines)


=head2 keywords

The keywords for the page. (Not used by most search engines)

This is given as a string


=head2 body_class

The class of the HTML body (for CSS). Can also be given as a tt param
in site confog or blobaly.


=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Para::Frame>

=cut
