head1 NAME

Para::Frame::Template::Overview - The default RitFrame TT components

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This page documents most of the templates used.

The page is built by several template parts.  Each part can be
replaced by a custom implementation.  All the standard parts can be
found in C<inc/html/c/> and/or the language specific dirs.

To override a part of the header or footer for a specific part of
the web site, create a C<inc> directory in that part.

To insert extra parts; copy one of the parts and insert an extra
include in your desired place.

L<Meta::Interpolate|Para::Frame::Template::Plugin::Meta::Interpolate>
is a TT plugin.  C<app_components.tt> is the place for the app to
define it's own TT components that should be loaded by every page.


=head1 OVERVIEW

These are the parts called:

=over

=item L</header_prepare.tt>

=over

=item L<Para::Frame::Template::Plugin::Meta::Interpolate>

=item L<components.tt|Para::Frame::Template::Components>

=item L</app_components.tt>

=item L</header.tt>

=over

=item <html><head><title>

=item L</title.tt>

=item </title>

=item L<Para::Frame::css_header>

=item favicon, description, keywords, robots

=item L</header_extra.tt>

=item L</js.tt>

=item </head><body>

=item L</border_top.tt>

=over

=item L</form_start.tt>

=over

=item <form>

=item The "run" hidden form field

=back

=item L</menu_top.tt>

=over

=item The default menu

=item L</headline.tt>

=item L</info_box.tt>

=back

=back

=back

=back

=back

B</your/selected/template.tt>

=over

=item L</footer.tt>

=over

=item L</border_bottom.tt>

=item </form>

=item L</debug.tt>

=item </body></html>

=back

=back


=head2 header_prepare.tt

This part doesn't return any HTML.

Sets up some of the template variables.

Check to see that you are authorized to access the selected page.

Processes C<app_components.tt> if it's found.


=head2 app_components.tt

This is the place to put your global TT blocks, TT macros and TT
variables.  RitFrame default is empty.


=head2 title.tt

Just C<[% otitle %]>.  Replace this template if you want to compute
the page (head) title in some other way.


=head2 header_extra.tt

Replace this template to add custom fields to the HTML HEAD.  It could
be additional CSS, javascript or anything else.  But see if what you
want can be done by META params to the L<Para::Frame::Template::header>.


=head2 js.tt

This is the RitFrame standard javascript functions used for the HTML
form and site navigation.


=head2 border_top.tt

Replace this template to give your site its design.  It should contain
all the body HTML to be placed before the main content of each page.
Insert calls to add your own menues et al.

Your C<border_top.tt> template should include these three parts in the
order and place of your desire, mixed in with your custom HTML code:

  [% PROCESS form_start.tt %]
  [% PROCESS headline.tt %]
  [% PROCESS info_box.tt %]

The default template includes L</form_start.tt> and L</top_menu.tt>.

You may want to insert a separate HTML form section in the top of the
page.  That should be done before the L</form_start.tt>, that starts
the main RitFrame standard form.

=head2 menu_top.tt

The default C<top_,emu.tt> is language specific, outputs a simple menu
that let's you log in.  This is followed by the inclusion of
L</headline.tt> and L</info_box.tt>.

You may want to replace this tempalte with your own version, or bypass
this template eniarly by not calling it in your replacement for
L</border_top.tt>.

This template may change name or dissapear in a future version.


=head2 headline.tt

This template just outputs a C<E<lt>h1E<gt>[% title %]E<lt>/h1E<gt>>
if that variable exists.  Replace this template if you want to do
special manipulation or formatting of the title as given in the META
directive.


=head2 info_box.tt

This tempalte outputs the resulting messages from performed actions
and any error messages encounterd.


=head2 footer.tt

Output the last part of the HTML page, including L</border_bottom.tt>
corresponding to L</border_top.tt>.  L</debug.tt> is included last in
the page.

Replace this template if you want to add special conditions for
displaying the debug template or if you want to add an extra HTML form
after the main RitFrame standard form.


=head2 border_bottom.tt

This corresponds to L</border_top.tt>.

Replace this template to give your site its design.  It should contain
all the body HTML to be placed before the end of the HTML BODY, but
inside the main RitFrame standard form.

The default template is empty.


=head2 debug.tt

Outputs some debug data.

Lists the query parameters as they are at the time of generating this
part.  They could have been changed by RitFrame, the Actions or during the process of the template.

Outputs the active route and lists the parts generated in this request
response.


=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Para::Frame>

=cut
